BRITISH BANKS RESIST SIGNING MEXICO PACKAGE#####British banks are resisting signing a 76 billion dlr rescheduling package for Mexico in a last ditch effort to get all participants to contribute equally to a new 7.7 billion dlr loan contained in the package. Christopher Brougham, regional manager, rescheduling unit, at Lloyds Bank Plc, said in response to a Reuter enquiry, that the six major U.K. Clearing banks last week sent a telex to Citibank saying they would contribute what was requested provided all other major lenders did the same and that the U.S. Banks contribute at least 90 pct of the amount required by them. Other bankers, who declined to be identified, said other groups of banks particularly those in Switzerland, France and Canada, were equally reluctant to sign, although they had not sent any telex to Citibank, which chairs Mexico's 13-bank advisory group. However, they said it was likely that if and when the British banks sign the accord, the others are likely to follow. Under the agreement, for which the signing began on Friday, commercial banks are being asked to contribute 12.9 pct of their exposure to Mexico as of August 1982. That was the date of the first Mexican debt crisis. After months of haggling, a proposed rescheduling agreement for Mexico was struck last September during the annual meeting of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund in Washington. Ever since then the advisory group, of which Lloyds is a member, has been attempting to round up the needed signatories. However, there has been considerable resistance to the package, partly because of some of the clauses it contains and partly because many small U.S. Regional banks do not want to increase their exposure to any Latin American countries. Brougham said, "We (British banks) have always played along for Mexico and will do so as long as others share equally." The decision to send the telexes was agreed on by the six clearers jointly, but each sent its own telex. In addition to Lloyds, telexes were sent by National Westminster Bank Plc, Barclays Bank Plc, Midland Bank Plc, 